another live look at flooding in the
city of Houston dams have been breaching
today ominously as the president returns
from touring the damage will continue to
track developments there and of course
we'll keep you updated as we get them
Micro is a champion of working Americans
he promotes the dignity of honest
blue-collar labor and the people who do
it he doesn't talk about politics very
much because why would he but recently
an online critic tried to claim that
Rowe was promoting quote white
nationalism simply by being apolitical
here's how we responded hi Chuck allow
me to say how much I dislike your post
everything about it annoys me you're
smug and snarky tone you're appalling
grammar your complete lack of evidence
to support your claims and of course the
overarching logical fallacy that informs
your entire position it's worth reading
if you haven't already go to Google
meantime Mike Rowe joins us tonight good
to see you Mike hey Tucker how are you
oh my favorite response I've read in a
long time I want to say how much I
dislike your post buddy got me at a weak
moment well it's interesting that
because you went on to kind of conceive
part of his point when you said actually
I don't address politics and you have
this line in here I underlined it
because I liked it so much I'm quoting I
can't think of a single celebrity in a
celebrity whose political opinion I
value and I'm not going to assume the
country feels any differently about mine
I love that well I occupy some weird
real estate you know because I run a
nonpartisan foundation and I use
Facebook extensively both to raise money
and to get the word out about closing
the skills gap and our work ethic
scholarship program and when you run a
foundation like that you know you come
face to face with all kinds of
educational topics you come face to face
with all sorts of work-related things
and today as you certainly know
everything is politicized but those two
topics in particular they break down so
I I normally I don't respond online to
people who call me names I don't care I
actually kind of like it but but this
guy conflated racism with politics
with my foundation and really in a kind
of a tautological rhetorical way wound
up insulting five million of my friends
and supporters so look two hundred years
ago would have been pistols at dawn
today it's like okay if this is what
we're going to do please come back with
some organized thoughts and make a
persuasive case otherwise don't we you
certainly won that engagement you had
I'm not sure I can do this justice but
you have this you you're trying to
explain why his logic doesn't hold up
and you use the same set of reasoning
the same method of reasoning to explain
why he himself is a bigot based on his
spelling can you explain to our audience
how you did that I think in the very
first line what Chuck basically did was
he worked off an assumption and the
assumption was white nationalists and
white supremists are all academic the
opposite of academic elitist they think
everybody who went to college is an
elitist he then argued that Republicans
are promoting anti intellectualism as a
trope by conflating white supremacy and
Republican Dogma without offering any
proof he essentially pivoted and said
Republicans love you
conservatives love you ergo white
nationalists love you and because you've
remained silent in the face of recent
events then you in fact are tacitly
endorsing their love of bad things needs
to be their affection for your
foundation it was a very odd oblique and
nuanced kind of argument but it's not
unusual you know it's kind of like
saying because all of the terrorists
that on 9/11 were were Muslim and from
Saudi Arabia then everybody who's Muslim
from Saudi Arabia is is a terrorist so
it's it's really just very basic but
it's become kind of insidious and
everywhere you turn
if you look for logical fallacies
nowadays you'll find them you can't
swing a dead cat without hitting one
it's almost it's like a negative
challenge prove you're not I mean well I
guess what I was struck by in the whole
thing was that your studiously
non-political I mean that you've chosen
is used to explain chosen not to be
political in public and that itself is
taken as a political statement in this
moment I mean what does that say about
we're living right now well it means
that the country is sad it means the
country feels bad and part of the reason
we feel bad collectively my humble view
is because everywhere we look
veins are bulging and spittle is flying
and people are making all kinds of bad
arguments I'm not even talking about a
reasonable disagreement between themes
or topics I'm talking about the the
flawed logic that allows all kinds of
crazy things to be said on both on both
sides of the aisle that's right that's
really what's what strikes me and look I
again I I typically don't wade into it
but when you essentially argue that
people who go to college wind up doing X
Y & Z and people who don't go to college
wind up waving the wrong flag at the
wrong rally and becoming a de facto
white supremacist then you're just
you're you're not only generalizing
you're using our educational system as
the proximate cause not of not of
intelligence or knowledge but of racism
and that's crazy now it's happening all
of the time I'm gonna deal T advice not
for what you say yeah you're just guilty
because you didn't rush to condemn a
flood after it rained but why would you
do that oh well I love the fact you're
not political you've got a show watching
overnight it's on our we're linking to
it in our Facebook page what is it about
I'm not even sure it's a show it's
called returning the favor and it's the
first thing Facebook is doing in terms
of content and we had a really candid
conversation not unlike the one we're
having right now months ago and they
were like what do you want to do and I
said what I would love to do is a show
that proves that not everybody in
country is a schmuck and well how would
you do it and so I've been working with
this production company called Hudson
yeah and we basically said let's let's
just find people who do nice things
let's go hang out with them and then
let's Surprise them by doing something
outrageously nice for them if they
viewed today people seem to dig it and
more than anything else Tucker I'm just
late look I Dirty Jobs was a love letter
to hard work and people this is the same
thing it's not focused on work so much
it's just focused it's focused on what
we're about to see in Houston you watch
you're gonna see people I hope some from
all over the country to help and we're
gonna feel better when we watch that my
operating premise is if you watch enough
knuckleheads protesting over here about
this and if you watch enough racists
over there about that pretty soon that's
what you're going to you're going to
assume the whole country is full of that
yeah that's why your shows to me the
biggest thing on Facebook I predict that
in fact I bet money on it my growth
thank you great to see it I'm not going
to bet against you Thank You Tucker see
you man